testing/testing_pictures/README.md, before:

# All the examples for phystricks


This is a big document containing (more or less) all the pictures I designed with phystricks. This is a direct sum of the pictures in [mazhe](https://github.com/LaurentClaessens/mazhe) and [smath](https://github.com/LaurentClaessens/smath)


### Hypothesis

The script `create_all.py` relies on some naming conventions :

* the phystricks filename has the form `phystricksSOMETHING.py`
* the function inside is named `SOMETHING`.
* `SOMETHING` does not contain `.py` or `phystricks`
* Each file contains only one picture that has the same name as the function (I do exclude the files that create two pictures at once).

In fact, I always create my pictures using an automatic script that choose the function name as a random sequence of ten ASCII letters.

### Testing

```bash
rm *.pyc && rm phystricks*.py && rm *.pstricks&& rm *.comment&& rm LabelFig*.aux
```

```bash
./create_testing.py
time ./figures_testing.py --all
pytex lst_testing.py --all --no-external
```

### Make your big document

cREATE YOur `documentation.py` module defining the following lists :

* document_directories.  The list of directories in which you have pictures.
* not_to_be_done. The list of function names that have not to be testes.

### Bulding the documentation with sphynx

Launch a shell with Sage's configuration files :

    $ sage -sh
the, inside :

    $ make html

Commit message:

When objects are added to some object to be drawn, it is stored in an AddedObject object.
AddedObject is a wrapper over a dictionary pspicture->list of object to be added.

So when creating multiple pictures, we can add a mark on a point that appears only on some pictures.

testing/testing_pictures/README.md, after:

# All the examples for phystricks


This is a big document containing (more or less) all the pictures I designed with phystricks. This is a direct sum of the pictures in [mazhe](https://github.com/LaurentClaessens/mazhe) and [smath](https://github.com/LaurentClaessens/smath)


### Hypothesis

The script `create_all.py` relies on some naming conventions :

* the phystricks filename has the form `phystricksSOMETHING.py`
* the function inside is named `SOMETHING`.
* `SOMETHING` does not contain `.py` or `phystricks`
* Each file contains only one picture that has the same name as the function (I do exclude the files that create two pictures at once).

In fact, I always create my pictures using an automatic script that choose the function name as a random sequence of ten ASCII letters.

### Testing

First clean up your directory :

```bash
rm *.pyc && rm phystricks*.py && rm *.pstricks&& rm *.comment&& rm LabelFig*.aux
```

Then generate the scripts, create the pictures and compile the LaTeX file.

```bash
./create_testing.py
time ./figures_testing.py --all
pytex lst_testing.py --all --no-external
```

### Make your big document

Create your `documentation.py` module defining the following lists :

* document_directories.  The list of directories in which you have pictures.
* not_to_be_done. The list of function names that have not to be testes.

### Bulding the documentation with sphynx

Launch a shell with Sage's configuration files :

    $ sage -sh
the, inside :

    $ make html
